Speechtext (#15)
slashml/slashml-python-client: README.md

# SlashML Python client
[SlashML](https://www.slashml.com/)
# Introduction
## Overview 

> This is a Python client (SDK) for SlashML. It allows the user to use the apps available and active in [SlashML-Dashboard](https://www.slashml.com/dashboard). 

Reviewer: we call them endpoints, not apps.

> The apps can be together in the same code. For example, if the user wants to transcribe an audio file and get a summary, they can call speechtotext followed by summarization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoints can be combined together in any order. For example, if the user wants to transcribe an audio file and get a summary, they can call `speechtotext` followed by summarization.
```

> State-of-the-art AI models from several service providers are available. At SlashML, we also do the benchmarking on these models for the user. This will give them an idea of the best service provider for their application. For the full list of the available models thru SlashML, click [here](##availlable-service-providers)

Reviewer: thru?

> State-of-the-art AI models from several service providers are available. At SlashML, we also do the benchmarking on these models for the user. This will give them an idea of the best service provider for their application. For the full list of the available models thru SlashML, click [here](##availlable-service-providers)

Reviewer: this will give who an idea for the best service provider. The user is reading the email. Write in third person, not second person.

> to lets you run transcription jobs from your Python code or Jupyter notebook. The transcription can be done with three lines of code

Reviewer: Capitalize `to`

> to lets you run transcription jobs from your Python code or Jupyter notebook. The transcription can be done with three lines of code

Reviewer: The first line of this paragraph does not make sense.

```
import slashml

speect_to_text = slashml.SpeechToText()
transcribe_id= speect_to_text.transcribe(audio_url,service_provider="aws")

> status=speect_to_text.status(transcribe_id,service_provider=service_provider)

Reviewer: This code will not work, you need to wait for the status to turn to `COMPLETED`.

```

## Set up and usage

> There is a daily limit (throttling) on the number of calls the user performs,  the code runs without specifying a token (API key),  the throttling kicks in and prevents new jobs after exceeding 10 calls per minute. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a daily limit (throttling) on the number of calls the user performs. The code can run without specifying a token (API key). However, the throttling will limit job requests that exceed 10 calls per minute. 
```

> If the user intends on using the service more frequently, it is recommended to generate an token or API key from [SlashML-Dashboard](https://www.slashml.com/dashboard). This way, the throttling limit will increase.

Reviewer: `generate a token`

> Sign up and Grab your token from [SlashML-Dashboard](https://www.slashml.com/dashboard)>settings> new api key and authenticate by setting it as an environment variable (or when you initialize the service, see Quickstart tutorial):

Reviewer: This can be a new subsection. Also, reword this

In your terminal
```

> export SLASHML_API_KEY=[token]

Reviewer: this only works for macs and unix, will not work in windows. Specify how to set it in the terminal in different OSes.

```
or including it in your python code as follows:
```

import os
os.environ["SLASHML_API_KEY"] = "slashml_api_token"

```

> If the user preferes using the API calls directly, the documentation is available [here](https://www.slashml.com/dashboard).

Reviewer: This one seems a sudden jump, in thought Should be a separate section.

## Availlable service providers

### Speech-to-text

AssemblyAI
AWS
Whisper (OpenAI)

> ### Summarization

Reviewer: Remove summarization from this PR.

hugging-face summarization based on Meta... include links
# Quickstart tutorial 

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: The documentation is not finalized, remove the extra contents.

# SLASHML Python client

> This is a Python client for SLASHML. It lets you run transcription jobs from your Python code or Jupyter notebook. Do a transcription job with three lines of code

Reviewer: add url for slashml

Reviewer: The readme should be generic, so it doesn't run transcrption jobs. It runs machine learning jobs.

Reviewer: Then you can give an example of how to do transcription as an example.

Author: done
